# Lab Reflection

- Spencer Cornish
- Week of 02-17-2019
- CSCI 127 - Th 2:00-4:00pm (Make Up)
- CSCI 127 - Th 4:00-6:00pm

## MAKE UP FOR WEEK 5

Since I was absent with a doctor's note for illness, I did a double lab to make it up this week. Therefore, I was at lab from 2:00-4:00pm, as well as from 4:00-6:00pm.

## Section I. What students understood

In both labs, most students had a pretty easy time understanding the assignment. There weren't too many residual issues from previous labs, and the new material seemed to make sense to most of the students.

## Section II. What students didn't understand

One of the common struggles for the students was understanding why they needed to use for loops. Often, they wanted to do it the old way, somehow, which would not work at all for them. Additionally, another issue that kept coming up for all six of the lab attendants over both labs was the understanding of function parameters. Many students were unsure about how these worked, why they had to be in the correct order, etc. Many tried to use global variables, which was an interesting solution.

## Section III. How the assignment that you helped out with might be improved

I think that more focus could be placed on writing function prototype definitions. Otherwise, I feel the lab did a good job of teaching its intended outcomes.

## Section IV. What you personally learned with respect to one or more of the course outcomes listed in the next section

During these two lab sections, I learned a great deal about helping people solve their own issues. For example, I typically solved most issues by having the students step through their code line by line and explain it to me. This allwed them to learn, as well as allowed me to better understand their thought process.